
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1
mention.text: The city councilmen
mention.text: they
 ___________ 
 Entity: 6
mention.text: Joan
mention.text: Joan
 ___________ 
 Entity: 7
mention.text: Susan
mention.text: Susan
mention.text: Susan
mention.text: Susan
mention.text: Susan
mention.text: Susan
mention.text: Susan
mention.text: Susan
mention.text: Susan
mention.text: Susan
 ___________ 
 Entity: 10
mention.text: Paul
mention.text: Paul
mention.text: his
mention.text: Joe 's
mention.text: Joe 's
mention.text: Joe
mention.text: He
mention.text: Joe
mention.text: He
mention.text: Paul
mention.text: Paul
mention.text: Joey
mention.text: Joey
mention.text: Joe
mention.text: he
mention.text: Joe
mention.text: he
 ___________ 
 Entity: 11
mention.text: George
mention.text: George
mention.text: George
mention.text: George
mention.text: George
mention.text: he
mention.text: he
mention.text: George
mention.text: he
mention.text: he
mention.text: George
mention.text: he
mention.text: he
 ___________ 
 Entity: 14
mention.text: Frank
mention.text: Frank
mention.text: Frank
mention.text: Frank
 ___________ 
 Entity: 16
mention.text: Bill
mention.text: Bill
mention.text: Bill
mention.text: himself
mention.text: Bill
mention.text: Bill
mention.text: he
mention.text: Bill
mention.text: he
mention.text: he
mention.text: he
mention.text: Bill
mention.text: Bill
mention.text: Bill
mention.text: Bill
mention.text: Bill
mention.text: Bill
mention.text: Timmy
mention.text: Timmy
mention.text: Bill
mention.text: Bill
 ___________ 
 Entity: 19
mention.text: John
mention.text: John
mention.text: John
mention.text: John
mention.text: John
mention.text: John
mention.text: John
mention.text: John
mention.text: John
mention.text: John
mention.text: John
mention.text: John
mention.text: John
mention.text: John
 ___________ 
 Entity: 20
mention.text: Billy
mention.text: Billy
mention.text: Billy
mention.text: Billy
 ___________ 
 Entity: 23
mention.text: Tom
mention.text: Tom
mention.text: Tom
mention.text: Tom
mention.text: The customer
mention.text: He
mention.text: The customer
mention.text: He
mention.text: He
mention.text: He
mention.text: he
mention.text: He
mention.text: he
mention.text: He
mention.text: he
mention.text: He
mention.text: he
mention.text: He
mention.text: himself
mention.text: He
mention.text: himself
mention.text: He
mention.text: Tom
mention.text: he
mention.text: Tom
mention.text: he
mention.text: Tom
mention.text: Tom
mention.text: he
mention.text: he
mention.text: the boy
mention.text: the boy
mention.text: the sleeping boy in 
mention.text: the sleeping boy in 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 24
mention.text: Ray
mention.text: Ray
 ___________ 
 Entity: 27
mention.text: Sue
mention.text: Sue
mention.text: her
mention.text: Lucy
mention.text: Lucy
mention.text: Ann 's
mention.text: Ann 's
mention.text: Ann 's
mention.text: Ann 's
mention.text: Ann
mention.text: Ann
mention.text: she
mention.text: Anne
mention.text: She
mention.text: Anne
mention.text: She
mention.text: Alice
mention.text: she
mention.text: Alice
mention.text: she
mention.text: Mary
mention.text: She
mention.text: Mary
mention.text: She
mention.text: she
mention.text: Sara
mention.text: she
mention.text: She
mention.text: she
mention.text: Sara
mention.text: she
mention.text: She
mention.text: she
mention.text: Jane
mention.text: She
mention.text: Jane
mention.text: She
mention.text: Jane
mention.text: She
mention.text: her
mention.text: Jane
mention.text: She
mention.text: her
mention.text: Mary
mention.text: her
mention.text: daughter Anne into 
mention.text: she
mention.text: Mary
mention.text: her
mention.text: daughter Anne into 
mention.text: she
mention.text: The actress
mention.text: she
mention.text: The actress
mention.text: she
mention.text: she
mention.text: She
mention.text: her
mention.text: She
mention.text: her
mention.text: Jane
mention.text: she
mention.text: Jane
mention.text: she
mention.text: Beth
mention.text: she
mention.text: Beth
mention.text: she
mention.text: the woman
mention.text: the girl
mention.text: the woman
mention.text: the girl
mention.text: Lily
mention.text: Donna
mention.text: Lily
mention.text: Donna
mention.text: The woman
mention.text: the girl
mention.text: The woman
mention.text: the girl against 
mention.text: her
mention.text: her
mention.text: Kate
mention.text: she
mention.text: Kate
mention.text: she
mention.text: Jane
mention.text: she
mention.text: Jane
mention.text: she
mention.text: Emma
mention.text: Janie
mention.text: she
mention.text: she
mention.text: Emma
mention.text: Janie
mention.text: she
mention.text: Madonna
mention.text: she
mention.text: Madonna
mention.text: she
mention.text: Madonna
mention.text: she
mention.text: Madonna
mention.text: she
mention.text: Carol
mention.text: Rebecca
mention.text: she
mention.text: Carol
mention.text: Rebecca
mention.text: she
 ___________ 
 Entity: 28
mention.text: Sally
mention.text: Sally
mention.text: Sally , who had cut 
mention.text: Sally , who had cut 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 31
mention.text: Sam 's
mention.text: Sam 's
mention.text: Sam
mention.text: Sam
mention.text: Sam
mention.text: he
mention.text: Sam
mention.text: he
mention.text: Sam
mention.text: he
mention.text: Sam
mention.text: he
mention.text: Sam
mention.text: Sam
mention.text: Sam
mention.text: he
mention.text: Sam
mention.text: he
mention.text: The man
mention.text: The man
 ___________ 
 Entity: 32
mention.text: Tina 's
mention.text: Tina 's
 ___________ 
 Entity: 33
mention.text: one
mention.text: one
mention.text: one of 
mention.text: one of 
mention.text: a new one
mention.text: a new one
mention.text: one of 
mention.text: one of 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 37
mention.text: Anna
mention.text: Anna
 ___________ 
 Entity: 46
mention.text: Jim
mention.text: Jim
mention.text: Jim
mention.text: Jim
 ___________ 
 Entity: 47
mention.text: Kevin
mention.text: Kevin
 ___________ 
 Entity: 50
mention.text: Pete
mention.text: Pete
mention.text: Pete
mention.text: Pete
 ___________ 
 Entity: 51
mention.text: Martin
mention.text: Martin
 ___________ 
 Entity: 58
mention.text: Sid
mention.text: Sid
 ___________ 
 Entity: 59
mention.text: Mark
mention.text: Mark
mention.text: Mark 's
mention.text: Mark
mention.text: Mark
 ___________ 
 Entity: 67
mention.text: 30 years
mention.text: 30 years
 ___________ 
 Entity: 71
mention.text: It
mention.text: It
 ___________ 
 Entity: 72
mention.text: the right of 
mention.text: the right of 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 77
mention.text: an oak tree
mention.text: the tree
mention.text: the tree
mention.text: the tree
mention.text: it
mention.text: the tree
mention.text: it
mention.text: the bank
mention.text: the bank
mention.text: that tree
mention.text: it
mention.text: that tree
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 81
mention.text: There
mention.text: There
mention.text: There
mention.text: There
mention.text: There
mention.text: There
mention.text: there
mention.text: there
 ___________ 
 Entity: 84
mention.text: You
mention.text: You
 ___________ 
 Entity: 85
mention.text: the garden
mention.text: the garden
 ___________ 
 Entity: 83
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 93
mention.text: The drain
mention.text: It
mention.text: The drain
mention.text: It
mention.text: It
mention.text: It
 ___________ 
 Entity: 94
mention.text: hair
mention.text: hair
 ___________ 
 Entity: 100
mention.text: None
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
mention.text: None
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 101
mention.text: 4:00
mention.text: 4:00
 ___________ 
 Entity: 99
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: Mary what time 
mention.text: Mary what time 
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: Charlie
mention.text: Charlie
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: Steve
mention.text: He
mention.text: him
mention.text: Steve
mention.text: He
mention.text: him
mention.text: me
mention.text: me
mention.text: Dan
mention.text: his ` 
mention.text: Dan
mention.text: his ` 
mention.text: Dan
mention.text: Dan
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
mention.text: I
 ___________ 
 Entity: 103
mention.text: the train
mention.text: the train
 ___________ 
 Entity: 104
mention.text: 4:30
mention.text: 4:30
 ___________ 
 Entity: 120
mention.text: a pilllar between 
mention.text: it
mention.text: the station
mention.text: it
mention.text: the station
mention.text: it
mention.text: the police station
 ___________ 
 Entity: 127
mention.text: a pillar between 
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 133
mention.text: They
mention.text: They
 ___________ 
 Entity: 134
mention.text: an annoucement
mention.text: an annoucement
 ___________ 
 Entity: 135
mention.text: a subway
mention.text: a subway
 ___________ 
 Entity: 145
mention.text: the middle of 
mention.text: the middle of 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 147
mention.text: the rain
mention.text: it
mention.text: the rain
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 149
mention.text: 10
mention.text: 10
 ___________ 
 Entity: 156
mention.text: an old rag
mention.text: an old rag
 ___________ 
 Entity: 157
mention.text: the knife
mention.text: it
mention.text: the knife
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 176
mention.text: the water bottle
mention.text: it
mention.text: the water bottle
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 177
mention.text: the backpack
mention.text: the backpack
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 184
mention.text: the pot
mention.text: the pot
 ___________ 
 Entity: 185
mention.text: the shelf
mention.text: the shelf
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 193
mention.text: None
mention.text: it
mention.text: None
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 194
mention.text: this building
mention.text: this building
 ___________ 
 Entity: 201
mention.text: Bob
mention.text: He
mention.text: Bob
mention.text: He
mention.text: Bob
mention.text: He
mention.text: Bob
mention.text: He
mention.text: Bob
mention.text: he
mention.text: Bob
mention.text: Bob
mention.text: Bob
mention.text: Bob
mention.text: Bob
mention.text: Bob
mention.text: Bob
 ___________ 
 Entity: 203
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 212
mention.text: now
mention.text: now
mention.text: Now
mention.text: Now
 ___________ 
 Entity: 214
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 225
mention.text: Adam
mention.text: Adam
mention.text: Adam
mention.text: Adam
mention.text: he
mention.text: Adam
mention.text: him
mention.text: he
mention.text: Adam
mention.text: him
mention.text: he
mention.text: he
mention.text: he
mention.text: Adam
mention.text: Adam
 ___________ 
 Entity: 228
mention.text: a sudden run of 
mention.text: a sudden run of 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 240
mention.text: work
mention.text: work
 ___________ 
 Entity: 244
mention.text: work on 
mention.text: work on 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 245
mention.text: this time
mention.text: this time
mention.text: the time 
mention.text: the time 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 257
mention.text: the con artist
mention.text: the con artist
 ___________ 
 Entity: 260
mention.text: a lot of 
mention.text: a lot of 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 267
mention.text: It
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
mention.text: It
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 268
mention.text: a 
mention.text: a 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 270
mention.text: the dog
mention.text: the dog
mention.text: The dog
mention.text: It
mention.text: The dog
mention.text: It
mention.text: the storm
mention.text: the storm
 ___________ 
 Entity: 271
mention.text: the middle of 
mention.text: the middle of 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 275
mention.text: a spot
mention.text: a spot
 ___________ 
 Entity: 289
mention.text: The cat
mention.text: it
mention.text: The cat
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 290
mention.text: the mouse hole waiting for 
mention.text: the mouse hole waiting for 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 300
mention.text: last month
mention.text: last month
 ___________ 
 Entity: 311
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 312
mention.text: the party
mention.text: the party
 ___________ 
 Entity: 313
mention.text: us
mention.text: us
mention.text: our
mention.text: we
mention.text: we
mention.text: We
mention.text: We
mention.text: we
mention.text: we
mention.text: We
mention.text: We
 ___________ 
 Entity: 322
mention.text: Jim yelling at 
mention.text: he
mention.text: he
mention.text: Jim yelling at 
mention.text: he
mention.text: he
mention.text: Thomson
mention.text: he
mention.text: Thomson
mention.text: he
mention.text: Jackson
mention.text: he
mention.text: Jackson
mention.text: he
mention.text: Grace
mention.text: Grace
mention.text: Dr. Adams
mention.text: Dr. Adams
mention.text: He
mention.text: He
 ___________ 
 Entity: 337
mention.text: The fish
mention.text: It
mention.text: The fish
mention.text: It
 ___________ 
 Entity: 338
mention.text: the worm
mention.text: the worm
 ___________ 
 Entity: 344
mention.text: the lock
mention.text: it
mention.text: the lock
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 345
mention.text: the key
mention.text: the keyhole
mention.text: the key
mention.text: the keyhole
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 348
mention.text: chewing gum
mention.text: chewing gum
 ___________ 
 Entity: 360
mention.text: the cat , which ran up 
mention.text: the cat , which ran up 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 371
mention.text: the roof of 
mention.text: the roof of 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 169
mention.text: the library when 
mention.text: the library when 
mention.text: the library
mention.text: the library
 ___________ 
 Entity: 410
mention.text: the park
mention.text: the park
 ___________ 
 Entity: 422
mention.text: the sidewalk
mention.text: the sidewalk
 ___________ 
 Entity: 424
mention.text: Carl coming to help
mention.text: Carl coming to help
 ___________ 
 Entity: 432
mention.text: None
mention.text: they
mention.text: None
mention.text: they
 ___________ 
 Entity: 434
mention.text: love
mention.text: love
 ___________ 
 Entity: 436
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
mention.text: They
mention.text: None
mention.text: They
 ___________ 
 Entity: 437
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 451
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 455
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 80
mention.text: None
mention.text: it
mention.text: None
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 469
mention.text: a few miles
mention.text: a few miles
 ___________ 
 Entity: 472
mention.text: Thursday
mention.text: Thursday
 ___________ 
 Entity: 481
mention.text: Many people
mention.text: them
mention.text: They
 ___________ 
 Entity: 483
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 487
mention.text: Many people
mention.text: them
mention.text: They
 ___________ 
 Entity: 496
mention.text: None
mention.text: it since 
mention.text: None
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 503
mention.text: a child
 ___________ 
 Entity: 516
mention.text: the piano
mention.text: it
mention.text: the piano
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
mention.text: the book
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
mention.text: the book
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
mention.text: the heavy book
 ___________ 
 Entity: 526
mention.text: the newspaper
mention.text: the newspaper
 ___________ 
 Entity: 547
mention.text: work
mention.text: work
 ___________ 
 Entity: 560
mention.text: This morning
mention.text: This morning
mention.text: morning
mention.text: morning
 ___________ 
 Entity: 562
mention.text: a sand castle
mention.text: a sand castle
 ___________ 
 Entity: 563
mention.text: the beach
mention.text: the beach
mention.text: the ocean beach
mention.text: the ocean beach
 ___________ 
 Entity: 564
mention.text: a toy flag
mention.text: a toy flag
 ___________ 
 Entity: 565
mention.text: the highest tower
mention.text: the highest tower
 ___________ 
 Entity: 566
mention.text: this afternoon
mention.text: this afternoon
 ___________ 
 Entity: 576
mention.text: the wind
mention.text: the wind
mention.text: the wind
mention.text: the wind
mention.text: the wind
 ___________ 
 Entity: 580
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
mention.text: the door
mention.text: it
mention.text: the door
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 612
mention.text: The path to 
mention.text: The path to 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 620
mention.text: The sun
mention.text: it
mention.text: The sun
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 621
mention.text: a thick cloud
mention.text: a thick cloud
 ___________ 
 Entity: 613
mention.text: the lake
mention.text: the lake
 ___________ 
 Entity: 634
mention.text: a shark
mention.text: a shark
 ___________ 
 Entity: 637
mention.text: a safer place to swim
mention.text: a dangerous place to swim
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 645
mention.text: a picture of 
mention.text: a picture of 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 647
mention.text: sheep
mention.text: sheep
 ___________ 
 Entity: 648
mention.text: they
mention.text: they
 ___________ 
 Entity: 667
mention.text: None
mention.text: they
mention.text: None
mention.text: they
 ___________ 
 Entity: 669
mention.text: coats
mention.text: coats
 ___________ 
 Entity: 671
mention.text: Alaska
mention.text: Alaska
 ___________ 
 Entity: 680
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 681
mention.text: 1765
mention.text: 1765
 ___________ 
 Entity: 682
mention.text: that date
mention.text: that date
 ___________ 
 Entity: 684
mention.text: five years
mention.text: five years
 ___________ 
 Entity: 693
mention.text: Arnold
mention.text: Arnold
 ___________ 
 Entity: 695
mention.text: two centuries 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 704
mention.text: that axe
mention.text: that axe
 ___________ 
 Entity: 710
mention.text: The foxes
mention.text: The foxes
mention.text: The foxes
mention.text: They
mention.text: The foxes
mention.text: They
mention.text: them
mention.text: them
 ___________ 
 Entity: 711
mention.text: night
mention.text: night
mention.text: night
mention.text: night
 ___________ 
 Entity: 712
mention.text: the chickens
mention.text: them
mention.text: the chickens
mention.text: them
mention.text: the chickens
mention.text: the chickens
 ___________ 
 Entity: 666
mention.text: Fred
mention.text: He
mention.text: Fred
mention.text: He
mention.text: Fred
mention.text: he
mention.text: Fred
mention.text: he
mention.text: Fred
mention.text: he
mention.text: he
mention.text: he
mention.text: Fred
mention.text: he
mention.text: he
mention.text: he
mention.text: Fred
mention.text: He
mention.text: Fred
mention.text: He
mention.text: Fred
mention.text: Fred
mention.text: he
mention.text: Fred
mention.text: Fred
mention.text: he
 ___________ 
 Entity: 730
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 732
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 749
mention.text: Terpsichore
mention.text: Terpsichore
 ___________ 
 Entity: 751
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 770
mention.text: an hour
mention.text: an hour
 ___________ 
 Entity: 779
mention.text: the dishwasher
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
mention.text: the dishwasher
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 784
mention.text: the show
mention.text: the show
 ___________ 
 Entity: 787
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 801
mention.text: the only man still alive who remembers 
mention.text: the only man still alive who remembers 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 813
mention.text: the only man alive who still remembers 
mention.text: the only man alive who still remembers 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 815
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
mention.text: father
mention.text: father
mention.text: The father
mention.text: The father
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 832
mention.text: July
mention.text: July
 ___________ 
 Entity: 833
mention.text: Kamchatka
mention.text: Kamchatka
 ___________ 
 Entity: 835
mention.text: Yakutsk
mention.text: Yakutsk
 ___________ 
 Entity: 837
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 840
mention.text: they
mention.text: they
 ___________ 
 Entity: 841
mention.text: weeks
mention.text: weeks
 ___________ 
 Entity: 853
mention.text: a minnow swimming
mention.text: It
mention.text: It
 ___________ 
 Entity: 854
mention.text: that duck
mention.text: that duck
 ___________ 
 Entity: 856
mention.text: safety
mention.text: safety
 ___________ 
 Entity: 862
mention.text: Archaeologists
mention.text: They
mention.text: They
mention.text: The scientists
mention.text: They
mention.text: The scientists
mention.text: They
mention.text: The journalists
mention.text: They
mention.text: The journalists
mention.text: They
mention.text: They
mention.text: They
 ___________ 
 Entity: 864
mention.text: Laputa
mention.text: Laputa
 ___________ 
 Entity: 866
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 879
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 896
mention.text: the stars of 
mention.text: the stars of 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 899
mention.text: the interview
mention.text: the interview
 ___________ 
 Entity: 900
mention.text: a long time
mention.text: a long time
 ___________ 
 Entity: 907
mention.text: The police
mention.text: The police
 ___________ 
 Entity: 908
mention.text: all of 
mention.text: all of 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 911
mention.text: the drug trade
mention.text: the drug trade
 ___________ 
 Entity: 912
mention.text: the neighborhood
mention.text: the neighborhood
 ___________ 
 Entity: 920
mention.text: the cake
mention.text: the cake
 ___________ 
 Entity: 921
mention.text: the refrigerator
mention.text: the refrigerator
 ___________ 
 Entity: 934
mention.text: both 
mention.text: both 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 939
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 951
mention.text: the sponsors of 
mention.text: they
mention.text: They
mention.text: the sponsors of 
mention.text: they
mention.text: They
 ___________ 
 Entity: 953
mention.text: the town hall
mention.text: the town hall
 ___________ 
 Entity: 76
mention.text: the room
mention.text: the room
 ___________ 
 Entity: 956
mention.text: opponents
mention.text: opponents
 ___________ 
 Entity: 968
mention.text: the oatmeal cookies
mention.text: the chocolate chip cookies
mention.text: the oatmeal cookies
mention.text: the chocolate chip cookies
 ___________ 
 Entity: 969
mention.text: only a few people
mention.text: them
mention.text: only a few people
mention.text: them
mention.text: them
 ___________ 
 Entity: 980
mention.text: copies of 
mention.text: copies of 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 983
mention.text: all the chairs in 
mention.text: all the chairs in 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 997
mention.text: a pin
mention.text: the pin
mention.text: it
mention.text: the pin
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 998
mention.text: a carrot
mention.text: a carrot
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1011
mention.text: a spoon
mention.text: a spoon
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1013
mention.text: a pen to stir 
mention.text: a pen to stir 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1016
mention.text: that
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1015
mention.text: coffee
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1026
mention.text: that
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1032
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1042
mention.text: The table
mention.text: it
mention.text: The table
mention.text: it
mention.text: the table
mention.text: the table
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1043
mention.text: the doorway
mention.text: the doorway
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1051
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1068
mention.text: care of 
mention.text: care of 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1078
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1086
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1088
mention.text: Xenophanes
mention.text: Xenophanes
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1104
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1107
mention.text: an excellent woman as 
mention.text: an excellent woman as 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1125
mention.text: the detective
mention.text: the detective
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1127
mention.text: the final report
mention.text: the final report
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1128
mention.text: the case
mention.text: the case
 ___________ 
 Entity: 838
mention.text: ten
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1144
mention.text: the barman
mention.text: the barman
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1152
mention.text: the rear seat
mention.text: the rear seat
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1154
mention.text: the front
mention.text: the front
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1164
mention.text: ` Check ' to 
mention.text: ` Check ' to 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1168
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1175
mention.text: Andrea in 
mention.text: she
mention.text: Andrea in 
mention.text: she
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1165
mention.text: Ralph
mention.text: Ralph
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1196
mention.text: the half-empty plate
mention.text: the half-empty plate
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1204
mention.text: the gameboy
mention.text: the gameboy
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1207
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1222
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1230
mention.text: Toby
mention.text: Toby
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1232
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1245
mention.text: Tommy
mention.text: him
mention.text: Tommy
mention.text: him
mention.text: Ollie
mention.text: Tommy
mention.text: Ollie
mention.text: Tommy
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1247
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1263
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1280
mention.text: None
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1286
mention.text: home
mention.text: home
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1308
mention.text: future treatment
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1317
mention.text: the injured bird
mention.text: the injured bird
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1324
mention.text: free tickets
mention.text: them
mention.text: them
mention.text: them
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1325
mention.text: the play
mention.text: it
mention.text: the play
mention.text: it
mention.text: the play
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1328
mention.text: Eric
mention.text: Eric
mention.text: Eric
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1349
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1356
mention.text: a picture of 
mention.text: a picture of 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1358
mention.text: lemons in 
mention.text: lemons in 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1360
mention.text: they
mention.text: they
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1369
mention.text: James
mention.text: he
mention.text: James
mention.text: he
mention.text: Kirilov
mention.text: he
mention.text: Kirilov
mention.text: he
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1370
mention.text: Robert for 
mention.text: Robert for 
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1378
mention.text: the presidency
mention.text: the presidency
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1379
mention.text: Shatov
mention.text: Shatov
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1386
mention.text: the ball
mention.text: the ball
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1397
mention.text: it
mention.text: it
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1404
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
mention.text: None
 ___________ 
 Entity: 1429
mention.text: the watch
mention.text: the watch

Process finished with exit code 0
